added note about HC API service account (#733)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/teams.mdx

| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| `:organization_name` | The name of the organization to list teams from. |

> -> **Note:** HashiCorp API service accounts eg:`api-team_XXXXXX` may return as a member of a team. However when checking in the UI these accounts will not be shown. This may lead to scenarios where the UI reports 0 members on a team and the API reports 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response may identify HashiCorp API service accounts, for example `api-team_XXXXXX`,  as a members of a team. However, API service accounts do not appear in the UI. As a result, there may be differences between the number of team members reported by the UI and the API. For example, the UI may report `0` members on a team when and the API reports `1`.
```
How about this wording? Per the style guide, we want avoid abbreviations, especially those borrowed from other languages, such as "e.g.", "i.e.", and "etc". We should also avoid using parenthetical statements and using callout boxes unless we need to describe potentially catastrophic effects associated with an operation.

> The response may identify HashiCorp API service accounts, for example `api-team_XXXXXX`,  as a members of a team. However, API service accounts do not appear in the UI. As a result, there may be differences between the number of team members reported by the UI and the API. For example, the UI may report `0` members on a team when and the API reports `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response may identify HashiCorp API service accounts, for example `api-team_XXXXXX`, as a members of a team. However, API service accounts do not appear in the UI. As a result, there may be differences between the number of team members reported by the UI and the API. For example, the UI may report `0` members on a team when and the API reports `1`.
```
